Add dxDiagram shape types (#592)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/Diagram/40 Shape Types.md

> The **Diagram** widget provides the following built-in shape types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following built-in shape types are available in the **Diagram** widget:
```
